PRIVACY POLICY



1. Introduction

Fastorika Limited (the "Company", "we", "us") respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains what data we collect, how we use it, and what rights users have.



2. The data we collect

Fastorika Limited collects the following categories of information/data:

2.1 Identification data – name, date of birth, passport data, customer IDs.

2.2. Contact information – address, phone number, email, social media accounts.

2.3. Payment and transaction information – partial data of cards/bank accounts/accounts in payment systems, transaction history.

2.4. Technical information – IP address, cookies, device information, log files.



3. How we use the data

Your data is processed exclusively for the following purposes:

3.1. Fulfillment of contractual obligations (transfer processing, verification, account maintenance).

3.2. Compliance with legal requirements (AML/KYC/CFT).

3.3. Ensuring the security of the service and fraud prevention.

3.4. Sending information messages (with the possibility of refusal).

3.5. Use for marketing and promotion purposes (with the possibility of opt-out only).



4. Transfer of data to third parties

We transfer data only in the following cases:

4.1. Payment providers and banks for processing transfers.

4.2. Government agencies, if there is a legal requirement.

4.3. Contractors providing technical infrastructure, KYC services and anti-fraud systems.



5. Data retention periods

5.1. In accordance with 4AMLD, 5AMLD, 6AMLD and local laws, your data will be stored for at least 5 years and may be stored for up to 10 years after the end of the business relationship.

5.2. If the legislation requires longer storage (for example, for investigations), the period may be extended.

5.3. After the expiration of the storage period, the data will be deleted or anonymized.

 

6. User rights (in accordance with GDPR)

You have the right:

6.1. The right of access is to request a copy of your data.

6.2. The right to rectification is to make changes or corrections to the data.

6.3. Right to erasure ("right to be forgotten") – you can request the deletion of data, however, if their storage is required in accordance with AML/CFT, we are required to store them for 5-10 years.

6.4. The right to restrict processing is to suspend the use of your data for certain purposes (for example, marketing).

6.5. The right to data portability is to receive a copy of your data in a machine–readable format.

6.6. Right to object – to refuse processing for marketing or mailing.

6.7. The right to complain is to contact the national data protection supervisory authority.

 

7. Contacts

On issues related to data processing:

Support: support@fastorika.com



8. Conclusion

By using the Fastorika service, you confirm that you have read and agree to this Privacy Policy.



